---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pipeline_source Resource - terraform-provider-pipeline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides an JFrog Pipelines Source resource.
---

# pipeline_source (Resource)

Provides an JFrog Pipelines Source resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pipeline_source" "my-pipeline-source" {
  name                   = "my-pipeline-source"
  project_id             = 0
  project_integration_id = 0
  repository_full_name   = "myrepo/docker-sample"
  file_filter            = "pipelines.yml"
  is_multi_branch        = false
  branch                 = "main"
  branch_exclude_pattern = "debug"
  branch_include_pattern = "features"
  environments           = ["DEV"]
  template_id            = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_filter` (String) A regular expression to determine which files to include in pipeline sync (the YML files), with default pipelines.yml. If a templateId was provided, it must be values.yml.
- `name` (String) The name of the pipeline source. Should be prefixed with the project key
- `project_id` (Number) Id of the project where the pipeline source will live.
- `project_integration_id` (Number) Id of the project Github integration to use to create the pipeline source.

### Optional

- `branch` (String) For single branch pipeline sources. Name of branch that has the pipeline definition.
- `branch_exclude_pattern` (String) For multi-branch pipeline sources, a regular expression of the branches to exclude.
- `branch_include_pattern` (String) For multi-branch pipeline sources, a regular expression of the branches to include.
- `environments` (List of String) In a project, an array of environment names in which this pipeline source will be.
- `is_multi_branch` (Boolean) True if the pipeline source is to be a multi-branch pipeline source. Otherwise, it will be a single-branch pipeline source.
- `repository_full_name` (String) The full name of the Git repository including the user/organization as it appears in a Git clone command. For example, myOrg/myProject.
- `template_id` (Number) The id of a template to use for this pipeline source, in which case the fileFilter will only specify the values.yml

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


